UITS_TEST_README
     $Author$
     $Revision$
     $Date$
-------------------

LICENSING
   Licensing information for this project is contained in the file LICENSE included with
   this distribution.

INTRODUCTION

    This README file describes the UITS_Tool test cases for the version 2.0 distribution. 
	
	It is assumed that users of this tool have a familiarity with Universal 
	Music Group's Unique Identifier Technology Solution (UITS). This version of
	the UITS_Tool supports the UITS Technical Specification, v1.1. For further 
	information on UITS, contact Universal Music Group at uits.umusic.com.


The UITS test suite will run the following list of tests in the following flavors of the UITS_Tool executable:
1. The OSX xcode created executable.
2. The OSX command line (Makefile) created executable.
3. The Windows executable under MINGW.
4. The Windows executable under DOS.	

To test the tool, copy the version to be tested into this directory and run the testUITS script.

The UITS test suite will support running the following subsets of the tests
    testUITS             run all test cases for all file formats
    testUITS help:       print help for script
    testUITS create:     runs all CREATE test cases 
    testUITS arguments:  runs all ARGUMENT VALUE test cases
    testUITS mp3         runs test cases for mp3 files
    testUITS m4a         runs test cases for m4a files
    testUITS wav         runs test cases for wav files
    testUITS flac        runs test cases for flac files
    testUITS aif         runs test cases for aif files


UITS_Tool Version 2.0 Test Cases		

CREATE	
1	All arguments correct, embed payload	
2	All arguments correct, standalone payload
3	Silent mode	Verify that silent mode only displays an exit code

	Missing required arguments:	
4	audio missing	        Test PASS if tool returns correct error code
5	uits missing	        Test PASS if tool returns correct error code
6	pub missing	        Test PASS if tool returns correct error code
7	priv missing	        Test PASS if tool returns correct error code
8	pubID missing	        Test PASS if tool returns correct error code
9	nonce missing	        Test PASS if tool returns correct error code
10	Distributor missing	Test PASS if tool returns correct error code
11	Time missing	         If missing, should be auto-generated
12	ProductID missing	Test PASS if tool returns correct error codel
13	ProductID_type missing	If missing, should default to UPC
14	ProductID_completed missing   If missing, should default to FALSE
15	AssetID missing	        Test PASS if tool returns correct error code 
                                There is a known bug in the uits.xsd that does not
                                require AssetID, therefore this test will FAIL.
16	AssetID_type missing	If missing, should default to ISRC
17	TID missing	        If missing, UID should be required
18	TID_version missing	If missing, should default to 1
19	UID missing	        If missing, TID should be required
20	UID_version missing	If missing, should default to 1
21	UID and TID misssing	If both are missing, tool should return error code
		

ARGUMENTS	
Note that the tool does not currently enforce that enum attribute values are correct.

22	audio file doesn't exist 	
23	algorithm  valid values:
                    RSA2048(DEFAULT)
                    DSA2048
24	pub file doesn't exist	
25	priv file doesn't exist	
26	xsd file doesn't exist	
27	nonce	must be 8 bit base-64 encoded value
28	Time	must be ISO8601 format
29	ProductID_type	valid values:
                     UPC(DEFAULT)
                     GRID"
30	AssetID	dashes not included
		
AUDIO FILE FORMAT TESTING (mp3, m4a, wav, flac)
Note that these test scripts only test that the output files are created successfully.
They do not test audio playback.
    Create
1	Standalone UITS File	
2	Embedded UITS File	
3	Sign with DSA key	
4	Multiline signature	
5	Base64 encode media hash
	
   Verify	
6	Embedded payload with hash verification, RSA signature, SILENT MODE"	options:  --audio  --pub --xsd --silent
7	Embedded payload with hash verification, DSA signature"	options:  --audio  --pub --xsd --algorithm DSA2048
8	Embedded payload, no hash verification"	options: --audio --nohash --pub --xsd
9	Embedded payload, hash verification against hash file"	options: --audio --hashfile --pub --xsd
10	Embedded payload, hash verification against hash value"	options: --uits --hash --pub --xsd
11	Standalone payload, no hash verification"	options: --uits --nohash --pub --xsd
12	Standalone payload, hash verification against audio file"	options: --uits --audio --pub --xsd
13	Standalone payload, hash verification against hash file"	options: --uits --hashfile --pub --xsd
14	Standalone payload, hash verification against hash value"	options: --uits --hash --pub --xsd

    Extract	
15	Extract, SILENT MODE"	options: --audio --uits --silent
16	Extract, verify RSA algorithm"	options: --audio --uits --pub --xsd
17	Extract, verify DSA algorithm"	options: --audio --uits --pub --xsd --algorithm DSA2048


-------------------
		